I have many illustrations,
so I thought I’d release them to the public.
Aoi’s illustrations look good and will be popular.
By the way, what kind of release are you thinking of?
Something like “Sashieyasan”?
Yeah. But I can’t make terms of use like Sashieyasan,
so I’m wondering what I should do.
That’s true.
When we were doing the poster for the band club, you said that
we should read the “User Guide” of Sashieyasan together.
Kasumi... this is no laughing matter, it’s true.
Do you think someone like that can make terms of use?
Now, now, there’s no need to be like that.
I think you can do it if you try. Take a look at Sashieyasan
for your reference.
Hmm, I guess so.
I’m thinking of just using credit from the Creative Commons
license, which I learned about before,
and then making it available for use freely.
If you add a well-known license, that you see all the time,
that’s all you need to do, right? I think I can do it too.
It’s called CC-BY.
Still, I think it will make it possible for others to sell the
illustrations that you provided for free.
Are you okay with that, Aoi? Are you sure it’s alright?
Is that going to happen? I don’t like that!